Add MySQLCluster v1beta2 (#350)
cybozu-go/moco: docs/reconcile.md

- A Service for the primary mysqld instance
- A Service for replica mysql instances

The Services' labels, annotations, and `spec` fields can be customized with MySQLCluster's `spec.primaryServiceTemplate` and `spec.replicaServiceTemplate` field.
The `spec.primaryServiceTemplate` configures the Service for the primary mysqld instance

> and the `spec.replicaServiceTemplate` configures the Service for the replica mysql instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the `spec.replicaServiceTemplate` configures the Service for the replica mysqld instances.
```
